Congratulations.
You've almost completed
this specialization
on self-driving cars.
Now it's time to take everything
you've learned in
the fourth course
on planning and apply it
in a real-world project.
In this project we'll be tying
together many of
the concepts we've discussed
throughout this course to create
a fully functional motion
planner for an autonomous car.
By doing this, you
will have created
a complete motion planner
that is able to handle
real-world scenarios
that are consistently
encountered by autonomous
vehicles every day.
In particular, by
the end of this project
you should be able to use
the polynomial spiral
optimization formulation we've
covered in Module seven lectures
to generate paths for
an autonomous car.
From these paths, you
should be able to
perform static obstacle avoidance
using a circle-based
collision checking method
we developed in Module four.
From a feasible
collision-free path
you should then be
able to generate
a velocity profile that takes
a leading dynamic obstacles
into consideration.
Finally, you should
be able to implement
a state machine
behavioral planner that can
handle a stop sign scenario
using the concepts
discussed in Module six.
The main objective of
this project is to integrate
the knowledge that we've
discussed throughout
the modules of this course
to create a full motion planner
for an autonomous vehicle.
To do this, you will be writing
Python code to interact
with the CARLA simulator,
and which we've prepared
a scenario that
you must navigate.
We will be reusing the controller
developed in course one for
our autonomous vehicle,
so we can focus solely on
the planning aspects for the car.
We will also be assuming that
all relevant knowledge of
our surroundings is available to
us as the car traverses
the scenario.
This means we will
not be integrating
the sensing and image
processing methods developed
in course two on state
estimation and localization,
and in course three
on visual perception.
In this project, you will
be following a set of
way-points in
a given road network
until you reach a goal.
There are three
main challenges in
this scenario that you will
face before reaching the goal.
The first will be
a static parked obstacle
that will be blocking
your current lane.
You'll be given discrete samples
of the footprint of the obstacle,
and you will need
to use circles to
approximate the footprint
of the ego vehicle along
each plan path in order to
quickly compute whether
or not the path is in
collision with the obstacle.
By removing the paths
in collision with
this obstacle from
our planning process,
you will be able to avoid
the obstacle entirely.
Next, you will encounter
a lead vehicle.
This vehicle will be moving
below the speed limit,
and as such you will
have to regulate
your velocity profile accordingly
to prevent a collision.
Finally, you will reach
a stop-sign controlled
intersection.
You will need to develop
a state machine that can
handle the stop sign,
which means it must have
the ability to
decelerate to a stop,
briefly weight once stopped,
and then proceed through
the intersection.
Once this is complete,
you will have fully progressed
through our simulation scenario,
and you will have constructed
emotion planner that can
handle many of the challenges
that are present in
autonomous driving.
Your vehicle will
be operating in one
of CARLA tests environments,
so don't hesitate to build out
your planning solution to handle
vehicles at other intersections,
or to navigate from a start
to a goal location,
or even to pass
a lead vehicle if
the roadway is clear ahead.
There are many more
scenarios that you can
consider based on what you've
learned in this course,
and we encourage you
to explore as many of
the concepts from
this specialization as you wish.
If you have any questions that
I didn't answer in this video,
there are further instructions in
the programming
assignment itself,
and you can always ask in
the discussion forums as well.
I hope you have fun with
this final project.
I'll see you again
once it's completed to
close out the course and
the overall specialization.
Best of luck on
this final project
of this specialization.